hello everyone what is here rayman er 33
second nothing today we are in a new
trick of gta 5 and what we are going to do is
get infinite money from the
sale of a car for more than 50 thousand
dollars that is to say we will be able to earn more
of 50 thousand dollars a minute the only thing that
we are going to have to do is buy a
any car for example the most expensive
from the market
of the internet gta actor and we the
workshop of the saints improve the altitude
with all the improvements available and
sell it then we will give sell and
at that time we will change fast
by all and for which I respect but
study has been a little bit caught and
then let's change character
just when we sell it we change
of character we give to gta online in
change character be online change
character and we skip this menu we
we put back in the staff in the
same character and reappear we have
depends on how we have the options if
we have in the options to reappear in
where we were in the last activity
to appear in the apartment and in
this case I had him in the apartment os
I recommend doing it the other way but
well so now you look like a
apartment to that have the car in the
garage you will continue to have the jonas
and they are going to give you the 63 thousand dollars that
commanded for example sent that one could
do with any car that we
luxury for example improving the SUV
that is worth 90 thousand dollars to the maximum you
would give almost 100 thousand dollars that
$ 100,000 a minute is an offer
quite
to get money about 10 million
every hour or so
good 100,000 for 60 yes more or less
well I hope you liked this
video a like favorites for my turn and
I return and nothing a greeting
here in a way and even the staff goodbye